INSTALL.md, before:

# Quick Installation Guide

## Prerequisites Check

```bash
# Verify Docker
docker --version
# Required: Docker Engine 20.10+

# Verify Docker Compose
docker-compose --version
# Required: Docker Compose 2.0+

# Check available resources
docker info | grep -E 'CPUs|Total Memory'
# Recommended: 4+ CPUs, 16GB+ RAM
```

## 5-Minute Quick Start

### 1. Clone Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/cloud-security-audit-stack.git
cd cloud-security-audit-stack
```

### 2. Configure Environment
```bash
# Copy environment template
cp .env.example .env

# Edit passwords (required)
nano .env
# Change: POSTGRES_PASSWORD, NEO4J_PASSWORD
```

### 3. Setup AWS Credentials (Minimum)
```bash
mkdir -p credentials/aws

# Option A: Copy existing AWS credentials
cp ~/.aws/credentials credentials/aws/
cp ~/.aws/config credentials/aws/

# Option B: Create new credentials file
cat > credentials/aws/credentials << EOF
[default]
aws_access_key_id = YOUR_ACCESS_KEY_HERE
aws_secret_access_key = YOUR_SECRET_KEY_HERE
EOF

cat > credentials/aws/config << EOF
[default]
region = us-east-1
output = json
EOF
```

### 4. Launch Stack
```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# Verify services are running
docker-compose ps
```

### 5. Run First Audit
```bash
# Run AWS audit
./scripts/run-all-audits.sh

# This will take 10-30 minutes depending on your AWS environment
```

### 6. View Results
```bash
# Web interface
open http://localhost:8080/reports

# Neo4j graph
open http://localhost:7474
# Login: neo4j / <your-neo4j-password>

# Database
docker-compose exec postgresql psql -U auditor -d security_audits
```

## Additional Cloud Providers

### Azure Setup
```bash
mkdir -p credentials/azure

# Login with Azure CLI
az login

# OR create service principal credentials
cat > credentials/azure/credentials.json << EOF
{
  "clientId": "YOUR_CLIENT_ID",
  "clientSecret": "YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET",
  "tenantId": "YOUR_TENANT_ID",
  "subscriptionId": "YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"
}
EOF
```

### GCP Setup
```bash
mkdir -p credentials/gcp

# Copy service account key
cp ~/path/to/your/service-account-key.json credentials/gcp/credentials.json
```

### Kubernetes Setup
```bash
mkdir -p kubeconfigs

# Copy your kubeconfig
cp ~/.kube/config kubeconfigs/config

# Or for specific cluster
kubectl config view --flatten > kubeconfigs/config
```

## Verify Installation

```bash
# Check all containers are healthy
docker-compose ps

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f

# Test database connection
docker-compose exec postgresql psql -U auditor -d security_audits -c "SELECT version();"

# Test Neo4j
curl -u neo4j:your-password http://localhost:7474/db/data/
```

## Troubleshooting

### Port Conflicts
If ports 5432, 7474, or 8080 are in use:
```bash
# Edit .env
POSTGRES_PORT=5433
NEO4J_HTTP_PORT=7475
NGINX_PORT=8081

# Restart
docker-compose down
docker-compose up -d
```

### Permission Denied
```bash
# Make scripts executable
chmod +x scripts/*.sh

# Fix credentials permissions
chmod 600 credentials/aws/credentials
```

### Container Won't Start
```bash
# View logs
docker-compose logs [service-name]

# Recreate container
docker-compose up -d --force-recreate [service-name]

# Reset everything
docker-compose down -v
docker-compose up -d
```

### Database Connection Failed
```bash
# Check PostgreSQL is ready
docker-compose exec postgresql pg_isready

# Reinitialize database
docker-compose down -v postgresql
docker-compose up -d postgresql
```

## Next Steps

1. Review the main [README.md](README.md) for detailed usage
2. Customize tool selection in `.env`
3. Add Cloud Custodian policies to `policies/`
4. Place IaC code in `iac-code/` for scanning
5. Export findings: `./scripts/export-findings.sh`

## Getting Help

- Check [README.md](README.md) for detailed documentation
- Review logs: `docker-compose logs -f`
- Open an issue on GitHub
- Check troubleshooting section in README.md

## Minimal Working Example

```bash
# Just want to see it work? Here's the absolute minimum:

# 1. Setup
git clone <repo> && cd cloud-security-audit-stack
cp .env.example .env
mkdir -p credentials/aws
echo -e "[default]\naws_access_key_id=YOUR_KEY\naws_secret_access_key=YOUR_SECRET" > credentials/aws/credentials

# 2. Run
docker-compose up -d
./scripts/run-all-audits.sh

# 3. View
open http://localhost:8080/reports
```

Done! Your security audit stack is now operational.

Commit message:

Fix Linux permission errors when saving credential profiles
- Add proper error handling with actionable fix instructions
  for permission denied errors on Linux hosts
- Create setup script for Linux deployments that sets correct
  directory ownership (UID 1000) for API container
- Document Linux permissions fix in INSTALL.md troubleshooting

INSTALL.md, after:

# Quick Installation Guide

## Prerequisites Check

```bash
# Verify Docker
docker --version
# Required: Docker Engine 20.10+

# Verify Docker Compose
docker-compose --version
# Required: Docker Compose 2.0+

# Check available resources
docker info | grep -E 'CPUs|Total Memory'
# Recommended: 4+ CPUs, 16GB+ RAM
```

## 5-Minute Quick Start

### 1. Clone Repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/cloud-security-audit-stack.git
cd cloud-security-audit-stack
```

### 2. Configure Environment
```bash
# Copy environment template
cp .env.example .env

# Edit passwords (required)
nano .env
# Change: POSTGRES_PASSWORD, NEO4J_PASSWORD
```

### 3. Setup AWS Credentials (Minimum)
```bash
mkdir -p credentials/aws

# Option A: Copy existing AWS credentials
cp ~/.aws/credentials credentials/aws/
cp ~/.aws/config credentials/aws/

# Option B: Create new credentials file
cat > credentials/aws/credentials << EOF
[default]
aws_access_key_id = YOUR_ACCESS_KEY_HERE
aws_secret_access_key = YOUR_SECRET_KEY_HERE
EOF

cat > credentials/aws/config << EOF
[default]
region = us-east-1
output = json
EOF
```

### 4. Launch Stack
```bash
# Start all services
docker-compose up -d

# Verify services are running
docker-compose ps
```

### 5. Run First Audit
```bash
# Run AWS audit
./scripts/run-all-audits.sh

# This will take 10-30 minutes depending on your AWS environment
```

### 6. View Results
```bash
# Web interface
open http://localhost:8080/reports

# Neo4j graph
open http://localhost:7474
# Login: neo4j / <your-neo4j-password>

# Database
docker-compose exec postgresql psql -U auditor -d security_audits
```

## Additional Cloud Providers

### Azure Setup
```bash
mkdir -p credentials/azure

# Login with Azure CLI
az login

# OR create service principal credentials
cat > credentials/azure/credentials.json << EOF
{
  "clientId": "YOUR_CLIENT_ID",
  "clientSecret": "YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET",
  "tenantId": "YOUR_TENANT_ID",
  "subscriptionId": "YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_ID"
}
EOF
```

### GCP Setup
```bash
mkdir -p credentials/gcp

# Copy service account key
cp ~/path/to/your/service-account-key.json credentials/gcp/credentials.json
```

### Kubernetes Setup
```bash
mkdir -p kubeconfigs

# Copy your kubeconfig
cp ~/.kube/config kubeconfigs/config

# Or for specific cluster
kubectl config view --flatten > kubeconfigs/config
```

## Verify Installation

```bash
# Check all containers are healthy
docker-compose ps

# View logs
docker-compose logs -f

# Test database connection
docker-compose exec postgresql psql -U auditor -d security_audits -c "SELECT version();"

# Test Neo4j
curl -u neo4j:your-password http://localhost:7474/db/data/
```

## Troubleshooting

### Port Conflicts
If ports 5432, 7474, or 8080 are in use:
```bash
# Edit .env
POSTGRES_PORT=5433
NEO4J_HTTP_PORT=7475
NGINX_PORT=8081

# Restart
docker-compose down
docker-compose up -d
```

### Permission Denied
```bash
# Make scripts executable
chmod +x scripts/*.sh

# Fix credentials permissions
chmod 600 credentials/aws/credentials
```

### Linux: Cannot Save Credentials as Profiles

On Linux (including Kali, Ubuntu, Debian), the API container runs as user ID 1000. If your host directories have different ownership, saving verified credentials as profiles will fail with a permission error.

**Quick fix:**
```bash
sudo chown -R 1000:1000 ./credentials
```

**Or run the setup script:**
```bash
sudo ./scripts/setup-linux-permissions.sh
```

This is not required on Docker Desktop for Mac/Windows as they handle UID mapping automatically.

### Container Won't Start
```bash
# View logs
docker-compose logs [service-name]

# Recreate container
docker-compose up -d --force-recreate [service-name]

# Reset everything
docker-compose down -v
docker-compose up -d
```

### Database Connection Failed
```bash
# Check PostgreSQL is ready
docker-compose exec postgresql pg_isready

# Reinitialize database
docker-compose down -v postgresql
docker-compose up -d postgresql
```

## Next Steps

1. Review the main [README.md](README.md) for detailed usage
2. Customize tool selection in `.env`
3. Add Cloud Custodian policies to `policies/`
4. Place IaC code in `iac-code/` for scanning
5. Export findings: `./scripts/export-findings.sh`

## Getting Help

- Check [README.md](README.md) for detailed documentation
- Review logs: `docker-compose logs -f`
- Open an issue on GitHub
- Check troubleshooting section in README.md

## Minimal Working Example

```bash
# Just want to see it work? Here's the absolute minimum:

# 1. Setup
git clone <repo> && cd cloud-security-audit-stack
cp .env.example .env
mkdir -p credentials/aws
echo -e "[default]\naws_access_key_id=YOUR_KEY\naws_secret_access_key=YOUR_SECRET" > credentials/aws/credentials

# 2. Run
docker-compose up -d
./scripts/run-all-audits.sh

# 3. View
open http://localhost:8080/reports
```

Done! Your security audit stack is now operational.
